The History of Germany: Frankfurt (1 Nächte), Bonn (1 Nächte), Berlin (2 Nächte)

Travel Log: This is a journey through Germany's past. By visiting the former and present capital(s) of this country, you will not only learn about how Germany was unified, but also about the differences between East- and West-Berlin. The sightseeing tours are walking tours with breaks at nice cafes and restaurants.

About Germany's history (Wikipedia, 2016): After the Congress of Vienna created the formal German Confederation in 1815, a Federal Assembly convened at the Free City of Frankfurt, representing not the people of the individual German Lands but their sovereigns. Subsequently, Frankfurt briefly became the official German capital during the short-lived Revolutions of 1848 in the German states.

It was only during the 1871 Unification of Germany that the newly unified German Empire was first assigned an official capital. Since Berlin was the capital of Prussia, the leading state of the new Reich, it became the capital of Germany as well. Berlin had been the capital of Prussia since 1518. Berlin remained the capital of the united Germany until 1945. However, for a period of a few months following the First World War, the national assembly met in Weimar because civil war was ravaging Berlin. In 1945, Germany was occupied by the Allies as the outcome of World War II, and Berlin ceased to be the capital of a sovereign German state.

In 1949, with sovereignty regained the country split up into West Germany and East Germany. Berlin was also divided, into West Berlin and East Berlin. Originally, Frankfurt was to be the provisional capital of West Germany. However, West German authorities had every intention of making Berlin the capital if Germany were ever reunified. They feared that since Frankfurt was a major city in its own right, it would ultimately be accepted as a permanent capital and weaken West German support for reunification. For this reason, the capital was located in the smaller university city of Bonn as a more obviously provisional solution. Another factor was that Bonn is close to Cologne, the hometown of West Germany's first chancellor, Konrad Adenauer. East Germany claimed East Berlin as its capital, even though Berlin as a whole was still legally occupied territory, and would remain so for 45 years.

In 1990, with the reunification of Germany, Berlin was also reunified and became the capital of the enlarged Federal Republic of Germany. There was some debate, however, on whether the seat of government should move to Berlin. Many believed that Bonn should remain the seat of government – a situation analogus to that of the Netherlands, where Amsterdam is the capital but The Hague is the seat of government. In 1991, after an emotional debate, the Bundestag voted to move the seat of government to Berlin by 1999.

Although Berlin is officially the capital of the Federal Republic of Germany, 8,000 out of the 18,000 total officials employed at the federal bureaucracy still work in Bonn, 596 km (375 miles) away from Berlin.

The Three Cities: Cospicua (2), Senglea (3), Vittoriosa	(2)

Travel Log: The Three Cities offer an intriguing insight into Malta and its history. Left largely unvisited, these cities are a slice of authentic life as well as a glimpse into Malta's maritime fortunes.

The Three Cities can rightly claim to be the cradle of Maltese history, as Vittoriosa, Senglea and Cospicua have provided a home and fortress to almost every people who settled on the Islands.

Their harbour inlets have been in use since Phoenician times: the docks always providing a living for local people, but also leaving them vulnerable when Malta's rulers were at war. As the first home to the Knights of St. John, the Three Cities' palaces, churches, forts and bastions are far older than Valletta's.

The local communities here celebrate holy days and festas as nowhere else on the Islands. The most spectacular events are the Easter processions when statues of the "Risen Christ" are carried at a run through crowded streets (visitmalta.com, 2016)

The Beatles Tour: Hamburg (1), London (2), Liverpool (1)

Travel Log: I am still writing the travel log for this trip. Update coming soon!

USA: Meet the Stars!!!: Los Angeles (4 Nächte), Santa Monica (2), Thousand Oaks (1)

Travel Log: A lot of people hope to catch a glimpse of a movie star when they're in Los Angeles and Hollywood, but it isn't so easy to do. Brad and Angelina don't take the kids to Pizza Hut for a birthday party; instead, they find a place with gates and security guards and hire a caterer. You're not likely to see a hot young starlet picking up the morning paper on a stars' homes tour, either (about.com, 2016) - but with this guide, you can make sure to catch a glimpse of that favorite star of yours!




